docs: Onboarding Restructure (#23746)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/guides/developer/getting-started/get-address.mdx

│ alias                 │ address                                                            │ active address │
├───────────────────────┼────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┼────────────────┤
│ vigorous-spinel       │ 0x6ebb36a3c1ab2124c082d93f60f518f70494b82d8d13c5aabb3abad6ec8cd82d │                │
│ xenodochial-spodumene │ 0x7df01d3935b7ab3cd1da6828eed763ee2cc556670528a47baa6af8c251866e48 │                │
│ silly-apatite         │ 0x8345a5f61dcb7027b35c53bb8a6638a00705b4cad92c61de2deb76d6b20c143d │                │
│ reverent-coral        │ 0x9ac241b2b3cb87ecd2a58724d4d182b5cd897ad307df62be2ae84beddc9d9803 │ *              │
╰───────────────────────┴────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┴────────────────╯
```

Then, to switch to another address, use the command:

```
$ sui client switch --address <ADDRESS>
```

## Query information about an address 

You can use a Sui network explorer to find more information about an address, its token balances, and the objects it owns. Popular Sui explorers include:

- [SuiVision](https://suivision.xyz/)

- [SuiScan](https://suiscan.xyz/mainnet/accounts)

:::danger

> Data displayed on an explorer will differ depending on which network you created your address on. If you've followed the [Configure a Sui Client](/guides/developer/getting-started/configure-sui-client.mdx) page previously, you will most likely be using the Sui Testnet. Be sure to select the Testnet network on the Sui explorer, such as https://testnet.suivision.xyz/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data displayed on an explorer differs depending on which network you created your address on. If you've followed the [Configure a Sui Client](/guides/developer/getting-started/configure-sui-client.mdx) page previously, you are most likely using the Sui Testnet. Be sure to select the Testnet network on the Sui explorer or use the dedicated URL, such as https://**testnet**.suivision.xyz/.
```

:::

From the CLI, you can view all objects an address owns with the command:

```

> $ sui client objects <ADDRESS>

Reviewer: Worth it to point out that it defaults to active address when the <ADDY> is not provided?

```

## Next steps 

Next, [obtain Testnet SUI tokens](/guides/developer/getting-started/get-coins.mdx) from the Testnet SUI faucet.

> If you already have Testnet SUI, then you're ready to [deploy Hello, world!](/guides/developer/getting-started/hello-world.mdx).

Reviewer: Wouldn't this be "...have **the** Testnet SUI"? To be clear, I'm not advocating for it :)

> If you already have Testnet SUI, then you're ready to [deploy Hello, world!](/guides/developer/getting-started/hello-world.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already have Testnet SUI, then you're ready to [deploy "Hello, world!"](/guides/developer/getting-started/hello-world.mdx).
```
I thought quotes were used elsewhere?
